hi everybody it's vanessa from be beauty
online and today i am really excited
because first of all this is my first
youtube video for you guys and second of
all i'm going to be reviewing my
favorite foundation or face product this
is the best foundation i have ever used
by far and I'm really really really
excited that Mary Kay came out with it
it's called the mary kay mineral powder
foundation in ivory too and it comes in
a very nice big large classy-looking
container it's actually point 28 ounces
and as you see it comes with a silver
top on it and it's actually a mirror so
you can see yourself in it while you're
doing your makeup if you're on the go
which is great and it's got a sifter
inside of it I've already got a little
foundation worked up in there to show
you guys but if you want to get the
foundation to come out all you need to
do is screw the lid on tight just to
give it a little shake just like that I
keep watching the computer I'm not
looking straight at you guys am I this
is where okay I'm going to have to stop
doing that I'm going to have to trust
myself and look at you guys it also has
this brush the brush just sold
separately but I mean it's it's meant
for this product because this is what it
works best with it is the mineral
foundation brush it's black in color and
it's got a very very flat talk to it and
the hair is just so soft I don't know
what this is right now i know that i was
told bad forgot about it i'm gonna have
to look it up i'm actually edit this
video to to let you know the the right
name of it but uh it actually has longer
bristles on the outside and shorter
bristles on the inside and what this
does is it really keeps a good lock on
your foundation to wear when you buff it
away that you have more product than you
think
you do so a little bit really goes a
long long way with this Russian I
believe one canister of this lasted me
for two and a half months and I wear
makeup constantly a lot of people are
afraid to use mineral powders because
number one they think that it's not
going to cover enough like if you should
have a lot of fine lines wrinkles
perhaps blemishes scars to cover up that
was my number one fear when I got this
foundation powder which I wasn't going
to buy and so my director said oh my god
you really would look gorgeous in that
should really need it it's a really nice
look for you whatever so I tried it and
I was really actually very amazed at how
well it covered I mean I'm wearing here
I know and I mean I can see a couple of
my scars but I mean it's nothing major
than then what it is without it i mean
it's it's really lightweight I feel like
I can breathe through it I can sweat
through it and just blot it with a paper
towel and my makeup still there it lasts
her about 12 to 14 hours on my face
maybe differing on other people's faces
but I mean as much as I'm on the go
working seven days a week this is the
mineral powder mineral powder foundation
for me um it is also buildable so you
could start out with one small layer
around your whole entire face and then
you could go back and pick up another
load into your brush and get yourself
more layers for the desired coverage or
finish that you're going for um i would
write this foundation a 10 out of a 10
just because i did not believe in
mineral powder foundations before and it
might have been made a believer out of
me i'm a kind of girl that feels like i
have to have a lot of coverage because
of my face but i mean this this is
actually i feel very very comfortable
wearing this I would feel very
comfortable wearing this to a club or a
bar or any place I feel like oh it might
be dancing having forbid idea but um
anyway that's what I rate that and I
hope that you guys have enjoyed my
review of the mary kay mineral powder
foundation and if you're interested in
ordering it the foundation itself is
eighteen dollars which is not bad
compared to some of the more expensive
brands that do the same thing but Mary
Kate does it better and you can get the
brush for ten dollars sold separately
and like I said the brush last forever
it's great quality made specifically for
the Mary Kay powder foundation minerals
look at me I'm stumbling all over my
words so but you can also go to my
website in order and get a little bit of
a discount for being a youtube
subscriber so if you subscribe to
youtube subscribe to my videos on
youtube oh honey an app you will receive
an extra ten percent off your order just
let me know when you're purchasing
something and the link to that will be
up shortly and I'm really hoping that
you guys enjoyed this video and I will
be doing a tutorial on the actual
applying the mineral makeup later on in
the week so you guys i will post that
video in the video commentary section so
you can follow up with that thanks guys
XOXO
you